fix(stdlib): avoid panic in nom convert_error on lines >= 65535 bytes (#1847)
vectordotdev/vrl: changelog.d/1848.fix.md

> Fixed a panic in `parse_key_value`, `parse_cef`, `decode_mime_q`, and `parse_ruby_hash` when the input contains a line ≥ 65,535 bytes. Rust 1.87 capped the formatter width at `0xffff`, causing nom's verbose error formatter to panic on long lines. The functions now return a descriptive error instead of panicking.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a panic in `parse_key_value`, `parse_cef`, `decode_mime_q`, and `parse_ruby_hash` when the input contains a line ≥ 65,535 bytes and the function results in an error. The functions now return a generic error instead of panicking.
```

Removed implementation details and converted descriptive -> generic.

> Fixed a panic in `parse_key_value`, `parse_cef`, `decode_mime_q`, and `parse_ruby_hash` on inputs with lines ≥ 65,535 bytes (tracked in [vectordotdev/vector#23606](https://github.com/vectordotdev/vector/issues/23606)). This is a workaround until [rust-bakery/nom#1867](https://github.com/rust-bakery/nom/issues/1867) is fixed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed a panic in `parse_key_value`, `parse_cef`, `decode_mime_q`, and `parse_ruby_hash` on inputs with lines ≥ 65,535 bytes when the function produces an error message (fixes [vectordotdev/vector#23606](https://github.com/vectordotdev/vector/issues/23606)). This is a workaround until [rust-bakery/nom#1867](https://github.com/rust-bakery/nom/issues/1867) is fixed.
```

or more simply

```suggestion
Fixed a panic in `parse_key_value`, `parse_cef`, `decode_mime_q`, and `parse_ruby_hash` on inputs with lines ≥ 65,535 bytes when the function produces an error message. This is a workaround until [rust-bakery/nom#1867](https://github.com/rust-bakery/nom/issues/1867) is fixed.
```
